README.md, before:

# model-training

Used Python version 3.9.2 was used along with the modules specified in the requirement.txt

# DVC Guide

Data Version Control (DVC) is an open-source version control system for Machine Learning projects. This guide provides instructions on how to use DVC for running and reproducing experiments.

## Installation

Before using DVC, you need to install it. You can do this using pip:

```bash
pip install dvc
```

## Reproducing Experiments

DVC keeps track of machine learning experiments. You can reproduce any experiment using the following command:

```bash
dvc repro
```

## Metrics

You can view metrics difference between latest commit and after some changes using the following command:

```bash
dvc exp run
```

change something and git add -A, git commit -m "change something"

```bash
dvc exp run
```

```bash
dvc metrics diff
```

## Pytest

A single command can be executed in the terminal to run all the tests:
```bash
pytest --junitxml=pytest-results.xml -cov=src 
```

## Pylint

All files have been well documented and reach full score using pylint, verify by :

```bash
pylint --load-plugins=dslinter src/<dir>/<testFile>.py
```

## Cookiecutter info

# model-training

Relma Course

## Project Organization

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── ~                  <- dvc local remote
    ├── data
    │   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    │
    ├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    ├── references         <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
    │
    ├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
    │   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── tests          <- Scripts to do a simple test
    │   │   └── test_simple.py
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   └── make_dataset.py
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features and datasets for modeling
    │   │   └── build_features.py
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
    │   │   │                 predictions
    │   │   ├── predict_model.py
    │   │   └── train_model.py
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations (unused)
    │       └── visualize.py
    │
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.readthedocs.io

---

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>

Commit message:

update readme with dvc push

README.md, after:

# model-training

Used Python version 3.9.2 was used along with the modules specified in the requirement.txt

# DVC Guide

Data Version Control (DVC) is an open-source version control system for Machine Learning projects. This guide provides instructions on how to use DVC for running and reproducing experiments.

## Installation

Before using DVC, you need to install it. You can do this using pip:

```bash
pip install dvc
```



## Reproducing Experiments

DVC keeps track of machine learning experiments. You can reproduce any experiment using the following command:

```bash
dvc repro
```

## Metrics

You can view metrics difference between latest commit and after some changes using the following command:

```bash
dvc exp run
```

change something and git add -A, git commit -m "change something"

```bash
dvc exp run
```

```bash
dvc metrics diff
```

To push arifacts/files to remote storage
```bash
dvs push
```

## Pytest

A single command can be executed in the terminal to run all the tests:
```bash
pytest --junitxml=pytest-results.xml -cov=src 
```

## Pylint

All files have been well documented and reach full score using pylint, verify by :

```bash
pylint --load-plugins=dslinter src/<dir>/<testFile>.py
```

## Cookiecutter info

# model-training

Relma Course

## Project Organization

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── ~                  <- dvc local remote
    ├── data
    │   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    │
    ├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    ├── references         <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
    │
    ├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
    │   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── tests          <- Scripts to do a simple test
    │   │   └── test_simple.py
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   └── make_dataset.py
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features and datasets for modeling
    │   │   └── build_features.py
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
    │   │   │                 predictions
    │   │   ├── predict_model.py
    │   │   └── train_model.py
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations (unused)
    │       └── visualize.py
    │
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.readthedocs.io

---

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>
